V2 migration guide (#525)
Pycord-Development/pycord: docs/migrating.rst

.. currentmodule:: discord

> .. _migrating_2_0:

Reviewer: General thingy maybe rename it to migrating_to_v2 to make making another one easier in the future

Reviewer 2: migrating_to_2_0 includes the minor version specifier too, which is nice. Also, it's the syntax used previously so it makes sense to keep it.

Migrating to v2.0
======================

v2.0 includes many breaking changes and added features.

This update adds new features from the discord API such as application commands (slash, user, and message), as well as
message components and much more.

> Since Pycord is still relatively new, we have attempted to make the migration from discord.py and v1 to pycord and v2 as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Pycord is still relatively new, we have attempted to make the migration from discord.py v1.7.x to pycord v2 as
```

smooth as possible.

Python Version Change
-----------------------

In order to make development easier and also to allow for our dependencies to upgrade to allow usage of 3.10 or higher,
the library had to remove support for Python versions lower than 3.8, which essentially means that **support for Python

> 3.7 is dropped**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.7 and below is dropped**.
```
